README.md, before:

# Contrastive Queries (cque)

It's a benchmark comprising queries to evaluate uncertainty estimation in offline reinforcement learning.

## Installation

It requires:

- [Python 3.7+](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- [mujoco-py](https://github.com/openai/mujoco-py) and [mujoco 210](https://www.roboti.us/index.html)
- [Pytorch >= 1.8.0](https://pytorch.org/)

Python package and dependencies could be installed using:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/koulanurag/cque@main#egg=cque
```

Or

```bash
git clone https://github.com/koulanurag/cque.git
cd cque
pip install -e .
```

## Usage

```python
import cque, policybazaar

env_name = 'd4rl:maze2d-open-v0'
dataset_name = '1k'

# Queries are dictionaries with policies as keys and corresponding queries as values.
# Batch iteration through Queries :
queries = cque.get_queries(env_name)

for (policy_a_id, policy_b_id), query_batch in queries.items():
    # retrieve policies
    policy_a, _ = policybazaar.get_policy(*policy_a_id)
    policy_b, _ = policybazaar.get_policy(*policy_b_id)

    # query-a
    obs_a = query_batch['obs_a']
    action_a = query_batch['action_a']

    # query-b
    obs_b = query_batch['obs_b']
    action_b = query_batch['action_b']

    # horizon for policy evaluation
    horizon = query_batch['horizon']

    # binary vector q(obs_a, action_a, horizon) <  q(obs_b,action_b, horizon)
    target = query_batch['target']

# Datasets:
# This is a very-slim wrapper over D4RL datasets
dataset = cque.get_dataset(env_name, dataset_name)

``` 

## Environments

- We borrow dataset's from [D4RL](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.07219)
- Queries data can be visualized [**
  here**](https://wandb.ai/koulanurag/cque/reports/Visualization-of-Queries--VmlldzoxMDkxMjcx).

### :low_brightness: [d4rl:maze2d](https://github.com/rail-berkeley/d4rl/wiki/Tasks#maze2d)

|    Environment Name     |    Datasets     |
|:-----------------------:|:---------------:|
|  `d4rl:maze2d-open-v0`  | `1k, 10k, 100k` |
| `d4rl:maze2d-medium-v1` | `1k, 10k, 100k` |
| `d4rl:maze2d-umaze-v1`  | `1k, 10k, 100k` |
| `d4rl:maze2d-large-v1`  | `1k, 10k, 100k` |

### :low_brightness: [mujoco(gym)](https://gym.openai.com/envs/#mujoco)

| Environment Name |                        Datasets                        |
|:----------------:|:------------------------------------------------------:|
| `HalfCheetah-v2` | `random, expert, medium, medium-replay, medium-expert` |
|   `Hopper-v2`    | `random, expert, medium, medium-replay, medium-expert` |
|  `Walker2d-v2`   | `random, expert, medium, medium-replay, medium-expert` |

Commit message:

fix!: install dm-control seperately

README.md, after:

# Contrastive Queries (cque)

It's a benchmark comprising queries to evaluate uncertainty estimation in offline reinforcement learning.

## Installation

It requires:

- [Python 3.7+](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- [mujoco-py](https://github.com/openai/mujoco-py) and [mujoco 210](https://www.roboti.us/index.html)
- [Pytorch >= 1.8.0](https://pytorch.org/)

**'dm-control==0.0.364896371' is required as of now and is incorrectly provided by d4rl** 
Python package and dependencies could be installed using:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/koulanurag/cque@main#egg=cque
```

Or

```bash
git clone https://github.com/koulanurag/cque.git
cd cque
pip install -e .
```

## Usage

```python
import cque, policybazaar

env_name = 'd4rl:maze2d-open-v0'
dataset_name = '1k'

# Queries are dictionaries with policies as keys and corresponding queries as values.
# Batch iteration through Queries :
queries = cque.get_queries(env_name)

for (policy_a_id, policy_b_id), query_batch in queries.items():
    # retrieve policies
    policy_a, _ = policybazaar.get_policy(*policy_a_id)
    policy_b, _ = policybazaar.get_policy(*policy_b_id)

    # query-a
    obs_a = query_batch['obs_a']
    action_a = query_batch['action_a']

    # query-b
    obs_b = query_batch['obs_b']
    action_b = query_batch['action_b']

    # horizon for policy evaluation
    horizon = query_batch['horizon']

    # binary vector q(obs_a, action_a, horizon) <  q(obs_b,action_b, horizon)
    target = query_batch['target']

# Datasets:
# This is a very-slim wrapper over D4RL datasets
dataset = cque.get_dataset(env_name, dataset_name)

``` 

## Environments

- We borrow dataset's from [D4RL](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.07219)
- Queries data can be visualized [**
  here**](https://wandb.ai/koulanurag/cque/reports/Visualization-of-Queries--VmlldzoxMDkxMjcx).

### :low_brightness: [d4rl:maze2d](https://github.com/rail-berkeley/d4rl/wiki/Tasks#maze2d)

|    Environment Name     |    Datasets     |
|:-----------------------:|:---------------:|
|  `d4rl:maze2d-open-v0`  | `1k, 10k, 100k` |
| `d4rl:maze2d-medium-v1` | `1k, 10k, 100k` |
| `d4rl:maze2d-umaze-v1`  | `1k, 10k, 100k` |
| `d4rl:maze2d-large-v1`  | `1k, 10k, 100k` |

### :low_brightness: [mujoco(gym)](https://gym.openai.com/envs/#mujoco)

| Environment Name |                        Datasets                        |
|:----------------:|:------------------------------------------------------:|
| `HalfCheetah-v2` | `random, expert, medium, medium-replay, medium-expert` |
|   `Hopper-v2`    | `random, expert, medium, medium-replay, medium-expert` |
|  `Walker2d-v2`   | `random, expert, medium, medium-replay, medium-expert` |
